.\"t
.TH "CAN\-ETH\-GW" "1" "July 31, 2014" "CAN \- Ethernet Gateway Send Utility User Manual" "master\-preview"
.SH NAME
.PP
cegwsend \- CAN \- Ethernet Gateway Send Utility
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\f[B]cegwsend\f[] [ \f[B]\-s\f[] \f[I]SRC\-MAC\f[] |
\f[B]\-\-src\f[]=\f[I]SRC\-MAC\f[] ] [ \f[B]\-d\f[] \f[I]DST\-MAC\f[] |
\f[B]\-dst\f[]=\f[I]DST\-MAC\f[] ] [ \f[B]\-t\f[] \f[I]ETHERTYPE\f[] |
\f[B]\-\-type\f[]=\f[I]ETHERTYPE\f[] ] { \f[B]\-r\f[] \f[I]RAW\f[] |
\f[B]\-\-raw\f[]=\f[I]RAW\f[] } { \f[B]\-i\f[] \f[I]IFACE\f[] |
\f[B]\-\-interface\f[]=\f[I]IFACE\f[] }
.PP
\f[I]ETHERTYPE\f[] := { \f[B]ipv4\f[] | \f[B]ipv6\f[] | \f[B]can\f[] |
\f[B]canfd\f[] | \f[B]none\f[] | \f[B][0x]1234\f[] }
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Send Utility for testing non ip\-based ethernet interfaces.
You can send with this utility an ethernet package with raw data or with
an CAN/CAN\-FD Frame as payload.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \f[B]\-s\f[], \f[B]\-\-src\f[]=\f[I]SRC\-MAC\f[]
The MAC address, which should be written down in the SOURCE field of the
ethernet header.
In the current version this option is NOT USED.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B \f[B]\-d\f[], \f[B]\-\-dst\f[]=\f[I]DST\-MAC\f[]
The MAC address, which should be written down in the DESTINATION field
of the ethernet header.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B \f[B]\-t\f[], \f[B]\-\-type\f[]=\f[I]ETHERTYPE\f[]
Set the EtherType of the Ethernet frame.
\[aq]\f[B]ipv4\f[]\[aq], \[aq]\f[B]ipv6\f[]\[aq], \[aq]\f[B]can\f[]\[aq]
and \[aq]\f[B]canfd\f[]\[aq] can be translated to their hexadcimal code.
All other types must be written like \[aq]\f[B]0x1234\f[]\[aq] or
\[aq]\f[B]1234\f[].
Please note that the last example is a hexadecimal number, too.
\[aq]\f[B]none\f[]\[aq] can be used for experimental purposes.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B \f[B]\-r\f[], \f[B]\-\-raw\f[]=\f[I]RAW\f[]
The raw data that should be sent.
Please notice that the raw data must be typed in the console as a
hexadecimal number like this "01 23 45 67 89 ab cd ef", for example.
You can use capital letters for A, B, C, D, E and F, of course.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B \f[B]\-i\f[], \f[B]\-\-interface\f[]=\f[I]IFACE\f[]
The name of the Ethernet Interface, that is going to receive the message
.RS
.RE
.SH EXIT STATUS
.PP
.TS
tab(@);
c l.
T{
CODE
T}@T{
Description
T}
_
T{
0
T}@T{
success
T}
T{
!=0
T}@T{
failure
T}
.TE
.SH BUGS
.PP
This is an early preview version.
They are maybe some bugs.
Please report bugs at GitHub can_eth_gw
Issues (https://github.com/can-eth-gw/can_eth_gw/issues)
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
© Copyright 2013 Fabian Raab, Stefan Smarzly
.PP
This file is part of CAN\-Eth\-GW.
.PP
CAN\-Eth\-GW is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the
Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your
option) any later version.
.PP
CAN\-Eth\-GW is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
See the GNU General Public License for more details.
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
with CAN\-Eth\-GW.
If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\f[B]Homepage:\f[] <http://can-eth-gw.github.io>
.SH AUTHORS
Jakob Pfeiffer <jakob.pfeiffer@in.tum.de>.
